I got married in 2002.
Around that time,
I was appointed a ministerial servant,
and my wife and I
were serving as regular pioneers.
In 2004,
we were given the opportunity
to serve as special pioneers.
It was something that we really wanted
because we wanted to do more for Jehovah.
So when we got that assignment,
we were delighted.
The brothers in the congregation
were also very happy for us.
But everything did not go smoothly.
As time went on,
I faced some difficult situations.
The fact that I was not appointed
as an elder made me feel disappointed.
In one congregation,
two brothers who had served
as ministerial servants
for a shorter time than I had
were appointed as elders.
I felt that those brothers
did not have as much experience as I had.
I thought, ‘I am the one with the experience,
so why didn’t I get appointed?’
I started to question my own qualifications,
and this made me very sad.
After the two brothers were appointed,
I started to dislike them.
I was also angry with them,
and the anger even progressed
a little toward hatred.
It was a real challenge for me
to serve in that congregation.
Attending meetings was difficult;
I would go with a heavy heart.
I put a lot of effort
into making personal changes
—changing my attitude
and getting rid of my negative traits.
I knew that if I did nothing,
it was going to affect the worship
I gave to Jehovah
and also the relationship with my brothers.
My wife and I
could end up completely losing our joy.
In order to make things right,
I prayed intensely to Jehovah.
I spent time in deep, personal Bible study.
My wife would also find articles
about maintaining peace with the brothers
and would give them to me to read.
She even selected Kingdom songs
that dealt with maintaining peace,
and she would sing them to me.
I made a lot of changes to my attitude
and worked hard to progress
as a person whom Jehovah would approve.
I tried to view my brothers
the same way Jehovah did
and to serve him with joy.
I really wanted to give
my best to Jehovah and to the brothers.
At the same time, I did not want
those wrong thoughts
to ever come back into my heart.
The valuable lesson that I have learned
is that privileges are not most important.
Rather, it is serving Jehovah
that brings genuine happiness.
And now I am finding
real joy and satisfaction
in my service to Jehovah.